katávti	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
katávta	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
katávt	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
katáv	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
katvá	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
katávnu	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
ktávtem	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
ktávten	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
katvú	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
kotév	ROOT=write,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
kotévet	ROOT=write,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
kotvím	ROOT=write,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
kotvót	ROOT=write,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
naváxti	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
naváxta	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
naváxt	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
naváx	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
navxá	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
naváxnu	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
nváxtem	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
nváxten	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
navxú	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
novéx	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
novéxet	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
novxím	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
novxót	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
ʃamáʁti	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
ʃamáʁta	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
ʃamáʁt	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
ʃamáʁ	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
ʃamʁá	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
ʃamáʁnu	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
ʃmáʁtem	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
ʃmáʁten	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
ʃamʁú	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
ʃoméʁ	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
ʃoméʁet	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
ʃomʁím	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
ʃomʁót	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
xaʁáʃti	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
xaʁáʃta	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
xaʁáʃt	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
xaʁáʃ	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
xaʁʃá	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
xaʁáʃnu	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
xʁáʃtem	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
xʁáʃten	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
xaʁʃú	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
xoʁéʃ	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
xoʁéʃet	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
xoʁʃím	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
xoʁʃót	ROOT=plough,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jaʃávti	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
jaʃávta	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
jaʃávt	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
jaʃáv	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
jaʃvá	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
jaʃávnu	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
jʃávtem	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
jʃávten	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
jaʃvú	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
joʃév	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
joʃévet	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
joʃvím	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
joʃvót	ROOT=sit,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
dafákti	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
dafákta	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
dafákt	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
dafák	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
dafká	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
dafáknu	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
dfáktem	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
dfákten	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
dafkú	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
dofék	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
doféket	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
dofkím	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
dofkót	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
laváʃti	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
laváʃta	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
laváʃt	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
laváʃ	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
lavʃá	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
laváʃnu	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
lváʃtem	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
lváʃten	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
lavʃú	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
lovéʃ	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
lovéʃet	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
lovʃím	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
lovʃót	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
lagámti	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
lagámta	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
lagámt	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
lagám	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
lagmá	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
lagámnu	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
lgámtem	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
lgámten	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
lagmú	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
logém	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
logémet	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
logmím	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
logmót	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
pagáʃti	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
pagáʃta	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
pagáʃt	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
pagáʃ	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
pagʃá	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
pagáʃnu	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
pgáʃtem	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
pgáʃten	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
pagʃú	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
pogéʃ	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
pogéʃet	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
pogʃím	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
pogʃót	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
daʁáʃti	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 singular
daʁáʃta	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine singular
daʁáʃt	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine singular
daʁáʃ	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 masculine singular
daʁʃá	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 feminine singular
daʁáʃnu	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=1 plural
dʁáʃtem	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 masculine plural
dʁáʃten	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=2 feminine plural
daʁʃú	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=3 plural
doʁéʃ	ROOT=study,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine singular
doʁéʃet	ROOT=study,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine singular
doʁʃím	ROOT=study,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=masculine plural
doʁʃót	ROOT=study,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=feminine plural
