SamARti	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
SamARta	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
SamARt	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
SamAR	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
SamRA	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
SamARnu	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
SmARtem	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
SmARten	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
SamRU	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
SomER	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
SomERet	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
SomRIm	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
SomROt	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
eSmOR	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tiSmOR	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jiSmOR	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tiSmOR	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
niSmOR	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tiSmeRU	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tiSmORna	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jiSmeRU	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tiSmORna	ROOT=guard,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
navAxti	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
navAxta	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
navAxt	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
navAx	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
navxA	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
navAxnu	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
nvAxtem	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
nvAxten	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
navxU	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
novEx	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
novExet	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
novxIm	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
novxOt	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
envOx	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tinvOx	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jinvOx	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tinvOx	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
ninvOx	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tinvexU	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tinvOxna	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jinvexU	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tinvOxna	ROOT=bark,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
dafAkti	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
dafAkta	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
dafAkt	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
dafAk	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
dafkA	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
dafAknu	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
dfAktem	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
dfAkten	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
dafkU	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
dofEk	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
dofEket	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
dofkIm	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
dofkOt	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
edfOk	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tidfOk	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jidfOk	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tidfOk	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
nidfOk	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tidfekU	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tidfOkna	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jidfekU	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tidfOkna	ROOT=knock,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
kavArti	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
kavArta	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
kavArt	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
kavAr	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
kavrA	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
kavArnu	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
kvArtem	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
kvArten	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
kavrU	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
kovEr	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
kovEret	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
kovrIm	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
kovrOt	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
ekvOr	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tikvOr	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jikvOr	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tikvOr	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
nikvOr	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tikverU	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tikvOrna	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jikverU	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tikvOrna	ROOT=bury,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
katAvti	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
katAvta	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
katAvt	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
katAv	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
katvA	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
katAvnu	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
ktAvtem	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
ktAvten	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
katvU	ROOT=write,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
kotEv	ROOT=write,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
kotEvet	ROOT=write,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
kotvIm	ROOT=write,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
kotvOt	ROOT=write,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
ektOv	ROOT=write,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tiktOv	ROOT=write,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jiktOv	ROOT=write,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tiktOv	ROOT=write,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
niktOv	ROOT=write,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tiktevU	ROOT=write,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tiktOvna	ROOT=write,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jiktevU	ROOT=write,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tiktOvna	ROOT=write,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
kafAlti	ROOT=double,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
kafAlta	ROOT=double,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
kafAlt	ROOT=double,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
kafAl	ROOT=double,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
kaflA	ROOT=double,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
kafAlnu	ROOT=double,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
kfAltem	ROOT=double,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
kfAlten	ROOT=double,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
kaflU	ROOT=double,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
kofEl	ROOT=double,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
kofElet	ROOT=double,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
koflIm	ROOT=double,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
koflOt	ROOT=double,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
ekfOl	ROOT=double,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tikfOl	ROOT=double,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jikfOl	ROOT=double,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tikfOl	ROOT=double,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
nikfOl	ROOT=double,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tikfelU	ROOT=double,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tikfOlna	ROOT=double,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jikfelU	ROOT=double,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tikfOlna	ROOT=double,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
lavASti	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
lavASta	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
lavASt	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
lavAS	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
lavSA	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
lavASnu	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
lvAStem	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
lvASten	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
lavSU	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
lovES	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
lovESet	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
lovSIm	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
lovSOt	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
elvOS	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tilvOS	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jilvOS	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tilvOS	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
nilvOS	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tilveSU	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tilvOSna	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jilveSU	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tilvOSna	ROOT=wear,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
lagAmti	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
lagAmta	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
lagAmt	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
lagAm	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
lagmA	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
lagAmnu	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
lgAmtem	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
lgAmten	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
lagmU	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
logEm	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
logEmet	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
logmIm	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
logmOt	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
elgOm	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tilgOm	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jilgOm	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tilgOm	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
nilgOm	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tilgemU	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tilgOmna	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jilgemU	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tilgOmna	ROOT=sip,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
pagASti	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
pagASta	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
pagASt	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
pagAS	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
pagSA	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
pagASnu	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
pgAStem	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
pgASten	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
pagSU	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
pogES	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
pogESet	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
pogSIm	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
pogSOt	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
epgOS	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tipgOS	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jipgOS	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tipgOS	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
nipgOS	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tipgeSU	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tipgOSna	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jipgeSU	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tipgOSna	ROOT=meet,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
daRASti	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 singular
daRASta	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine singular
daRASt	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine singular
daRAS	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 masculine singular
daRSA	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 feminine singular
daRASnu	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 1 plural
dRAStem	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 masculine plural
dRASten	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 2 feminine plural
daRSU	ROOT=study,PATTERN=past,SUFFIX=past 3 plural
doRES	ROOT=study,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine singular
doRESet	ROOT=study,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine singular
doRSIm	ROOT=study,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present masculine plural
doRSOt	ROOT=study,PATTERN=present participle,SUFFIX=present feminine plural
edROS	ROOT=study,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 singular
tidROS	ROOT=study,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2
jidROS	ROOT=study,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc
tidROS	ROOT=study,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem
nidROS	ROOT=study,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=1 pl
tidReSU	ROOT=study,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=pl
tidROSna	ROOT=study,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=2,SUFFIX=feminine plural
jidReSU	ROOT=study,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 masc,SUFFIX=masculine plural
tidROSna	ROOT=study,PATTERN=future,PREFIX=3 fem,SUFFIX=feminine plural
